Honest Tom's used car lot


Personas

name : Tom
role : Lot Manager

view complete inventory, wants to see what cars are on the lot at the moment
views past purchase price for all cars, knows what cars where bought, what was paid
views retail/sticker price for all cars, knows sticker price for each car on the lot
views store profits, How much profit if sold all available cars in lot today at retail price
subtract 23% commission from sticker price
know what cars are in repair
subtract cars in repair from function


name : Jane
role : Salesperson domestic

views domestic inventory
views wholesale price for domestic cars
views retail/sticker price for domestic cars
23% commission
need to know what domestic cars are in repair
want to subtract domestic cars in repair from function


name : Jim
role : Salesperson foriegn

need to access to foriegn inventory
23% commission
knows wholesale price for domestic car
knows retail/sticker price for foriegn cars
need to know what foriegn cars are in repair
want to subtract foriegn cars in repair from function


name : Alice
role : Mechanic

knows what is in repair




Inventory Epic

Story 1
As Lot Manager, Tom
Can log the car wholesale cost, when purchases car from factory
(Conditions of Satisfaction) Car must be placed in a department, can be uniquely identified and have name and description.

Story 2
As Lot Manager, Tom
Can set the car sticker/retail price.
(Conditions of Satisfaction) Car must be given retail price only after logging wholesale cost.

Story 3
Salespeople, Jane & Jim
Can set the product sale price in their department
(Conditions of Satisfaction) Car’s sale price must be less than car’s retail price. Sale price can be lower than wholesale price, perhaps to draw in customers.

Story 4
Mechanic, Alice
Logs what cars are in repair




Inventory Epic

Story 5
As Lot Manager, Tom
Can view/edit available cars domestic, available cars foreign, and awaiting repair.
(Acceptance Criteria) Cars must be shown in alphabetically order showing only car manufacturer name and brief description (no more than 20 characters)

Story 6
As Salesperson, Jane
Can view/notEdit department Domestic cars total
Can view/notEdit sort into available cars domestic, and awaiting repair.
(Acceptance Criteria) The set of cars can be filtered by department name. Cars must be shown in alphabetically order showing only car manufacturer name and brief description (no more than 20 characters)

Story 7
As Salesperson, Jim
Can view/notEdit department Foreign cars total
Can view/notEdit sort into available cars foreign, and awaiting repair.
(Acceptance Criteria) The set of cars can be filtered by department name. Cars must be shown in alphabetically order showing only car manufacturer name and brief description (no more than 20 characters)

Story 8
All employees
Can view a single car at a time.
(Acceptance Criteria) Can view the car’s retail price, description, product identifier and whether it in stock.

Story 9
As Mechanic, Alice
Can view/edit all cars that are awaiting repair




Profit Epic (Functions)

Story 10
Tom wants to calculate Total Profit
All retail price minus all commission, minus all wholesale price, equals total Tom will personally make

Story 11
Jane wants to calculate Total Commission
23% of retail price for all Domestic
retail price commission for all Domestic

Story 12
Jim wants to calculate Total Commission
23% of retail price for all Foriegn
retail price commission for all Foreign
